Genre: Puzzle
Developer: Matt Pandina
Release date: January 31, 2017

Background

The Uzebox is a retro-minimalist homebrew game console, created in
2008 by Alec Bourque. It is based on an AVR 8-bit general purpose
microcontroller made by Atmel. The microcontroller is overclocked to
run at 28.61818 MHz, and only has a total of 4 KB of RAM, and 64 KB of
program memory.

About Laser Puzzle II

Laser Puzzle II is a Uzebox implementation of a laser-based puzzle
game. Gameplay is very similar to Laser Puzzle, but there are
additional tokens, and some behave differently. Tokens with a padlock
overlay cannot be moved or rotated, but tokens with a rotation overlay
can be rotated in place, but not moved. The laser itself is a now a
token, there are two beam splitters, a double sided mirror, a
checkpoint, combination mirror/target tokens, and a cell blocker
(which doesn't block the laser). As one might expect, this provides
for much more challenging game play! There are 60 levels, which
include beginner, intermediate, advanced, and expert challenges. The
controls and instructions are included in the game, and the expert
challenges can be extremely difficult to solve.

Play Laser Puzzle II

If you don't have a Uzebox video game console, you can play it using
an online Uzebox emulator: https://artcfox.github.io/laser2/

Using a keyboard is preferred, but the touch controls should allow you
to at least preview the gameplay if you are on a mobile device. The
native desktop emulator supports USB SNES game controllers, or you can
build your own Uzebox game console: https://uzebox.org/

Read the discussion thread for Laser Puzzle II on the Uzebox forum:
http://uzebox.org/forums/viewtopic.php?f=5&t=2427
